Add usage instructions to the readme (#4)
epicweb-dev/epic-me-mcp: README.md

will also be the basis upon which I will teach how to build MCP tools on
[EpicAI.pro](https://www.epicai.pro).

## How to Use

**⚠️ Important Disclaimer: This is an experimental playground, not a production service. There are no SLAs, guarantees of data privacy, or data retention policies. Use at your own risk and don't store anything important or sensitive.**

### Server URL

The EpicMe MCP server is deployed at:
```

> https://epic-me-mcp.kentcdodds.workers.dev/

Author: ```suggestion
https://epic-me-mcp.kentcdodds.workers.dev/sse
```

```

### What You Can Do

EpicMe is a personal journaling application that allows you to:

- **Create and manage journal entries** with titles, content, mood, location, weather, and privacy settings
- **Organize entries with tags** for better categorization and filtering
- **Get AI-powered tag suggestions** for your entries
- **Summarize your journal entries** with optional filtering by tags or date range
- **Mark entries as favorites** and set privacy levels

### Getting Started

> 1. **Connect to the MCP server** using your preferred MCP client (like [MCP Inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector))

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Connect to the MCP server** using your preferred MCP client (like [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download))
```
